---
layout: default
title: Institute Demographic Ontology (InDO)
---

[Abstract](#abstract) | [Resources](#resources) | [Tools Used](#toolsused)


<h1 class="page-title" style="text-transform:uppercase;" id="header">Skills to Career with Interests and Values (SCIVO)</h1>
<h3 style="color:dimgrey;">Neha Keshan, James A. Hendler</h3>
<h3><a href="https://www.rpi.edu/">Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute</a></h3>
<p class="message">A website to navigate resources open-sourced via the associated ESWC 2023 submission. Use the side navigation panel to explore different sections of the website and click on an add symbol for more navigation options under some sections.</p>

<hr>
<article class="mb-5" id="abstract">
<content>
  
  
<h2>Abstract</h2>
  <p> During the doctoral pathway, new skills are acquired while refining existing ones, opening up multiple traditional and non-traditional avenues. However, the questions `what comes next' and `where do I go' keep haunting them. To help doctoral students explore the available career paths based on their skills, interests and values, we built a findable, accessible, interoperable, and reusable Skills to Career with Interests and Values (SCIV) ontology. It is a compact ontology of seven classes to harmonize the heterogeneous resources available providing information related to career paths. We demonstrate the interoperability and usability of SCIVO through building a knowledge graph using the web scraped publicly available data from the Science Individual Development Plan tool for current doctoral students - myIDP and the National Science Foundation Survey of Earned Doctorates (NSF SED) 2019 data. Ingestion is done via Protégé 5.2.0 using Cellfie Plugin. The generated knowledge graph (named SCIVOKG) consists of one hundred and sixteen classes and one-thousand seven-hundred and forty instances. The evaluation is conducted using the traditional application-based competency questions generated by analyzing data collected through surveys and individual interviews with current doctoral students. SCIVO provides an ontological foundation for building a harmonized resource as an aid to doctoral students in exploring the career options based on their skills, interests and values. </p>
 </content>
 
 <hr/>
 <article class="mb-5" id="resources">
<content>
<h2>List of Resources </h2>
<ul>
 <table style="width:100%">
    <tr>
    <th>Resources</th>
    <th>Links</th> 
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Ontology</td>
    <td><a href="ontology">Skills to Career with Interests and Values Ontology</a> </td> 
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Knowledge Graph</td>
    <td><a href="ontology">Skills to Career with Interests and Values Ontology</a> </td> 
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>SCIV Modeling</td>
    <td><a href="modeling#demographics">Modeling</a> </td> 
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Science myIDP tool and NSF Doctoral Recipients Survey 2019 Example</td>
    <td><a href="usecase">Use Case</a> </td> 
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>Competency Questions </td>
    <td><a href="competencyquestions#sparql">SPARQL Queries</a> </td> 
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>Tools Used </td>
    <td><a href="index#toolsused">References to tools used</a> </td> 
  </tr>
</table>
  
 </ul>
 </content>
 
  <hr/>
 

 <article class="mb-5" id="toolsused">
<content>
  
  
<h2>Tools Used during Development</h2>
  <ul>
  <li>Ontology Editor: <a href="https://protege.stanford.edu/products.php#desktop-protege">Protégé 5.5.0</a></li>
  <li>SPARQL Queries ran on <a href="http://sparql.cancerdata.org/#splash">Blazegraph Workbench</a></li>
  <li>RDF Visualization generated with <a href="http://jimmccusker.github.io/rdfviewer/">RDFViewer</a></li>
  </ul>
  </content>

 